Add wake word detection command (#1286)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/notifications/commands.md

            command: 20
```

## Wake word detection <span class="beta">BETA</span>

![Android](/assets/android.svg)

> This command allows you to toggle wake word detection on or off directly from a notification, enabling control of the device's wake word detection feature without opening the app. Wake word detection can be battery-intensive, so you can use this command to enable it only when needed through automation. To use it, send `message: command_wake_word_detection` with the `command` parameter set to either `turn_on` or `turn_off` to control the wake word detection state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command allows you to toggle wake word detection for Assist on or off directly from a notification, enabling control of the device's wake word detection feature without opening the app. To use it, send `message: command_wake_word_detection` with the `command` parameter set to either `turn_on` or `turn_off` to control the wake word detection state.

:::warning
Wake word detection can be battery-intensive, use this command to enable it only when needed through automation. 
:::
```
